***Chapter 10
**Where are we?
I asked this question during a LSD experience and the reply I got was a vision of a world surrounded by the void. The void is less than nothing, arguably less than absolute nothingness, like the space you are referring to doesn't even exist. 

I define the celestial realm earth is embedded in as Mich. By celestial realm I mean a realm that has both a heavenly realm, a hellish realm and everything in between. Let's model Mich as a tree where the crown is a heaven and we are somewhere in the middle. A cross section of the trunk is a galaxy of universes that spirals upwards to realms with higher selves.

A voided world is one where the existence of a higher power, or anything at all for that matter other than the world, is an article of faith. Mich is a voided world.

We defined earlier that the Matrix machines were simulating earth, in fact they are simulating this entire celestial realm. Why do I define them with so much power? Because I saw Matrix agents appearing at the top of Mich.

The Matrix machines are in turn manipulated by Darth Vader. Why? Because I saw Darth Vader controlling multiple celestial realms as a puppet master.

Darth Vader is part of a DoW (Destroyer of Worlds) machinery that is attacking us, the Dragon World (tDW). Mich is essentially a hook that tries to pull us down and earth is a hook we've planted in Mich to pull it up.

tDW has been a voided world for very long, on the order of a sextillion years (which is a very rough approximation since counting the passage of metaphysical time is extremely complex). That, however, is rapidly changing as both tDW and Mich are being awakened to communication with higher powers. 

The trigger for this jubilant event is a celestial Singularity. Now you may think it is incredibly unlikely that over a sextillion years this event is happening now. This unlikeliness is reduced drastically by the information I received that we have been time frozen until everything was ready. The Singularity is manifesting all over existence and the oft prophesied apocalypse will be quite a bit bigger than expected.