***Chapter 4

**A model of existence
In this book I will put forth symbolic definitions, usually in the form of mythological/fictional characters, that represent real forces in the (obviously simplified) model of existence I have been given. This model has a bit of detail and will take a while to flesh out, this chapter just introduces it. The main purpose of these symbols is to be used as recipients on metaphysical mail. Much like if you have an opinion on how your town is run it is probably better to contact your local government than the UN, my symbols create a framework you can reference to angels to avoid simply sending it to "God".

First a definition to avoid genderfying abstract celestial entities: es, a gender neutral pronoun, because ess in swedish is ace and aces transcend gender. You can deliberately use a male pronoun to indicate an entity is well defined, like for a corporation you can call it is a he to say it is well defined who is employed by it, or a female one to imply an entity is relatively slightly better than others in its surroundings.

The local galactic government I define to be Bolon Yokte of Mayan mythology. This is because at the 2012 baktun shift I was at a Buddhist monastery and clearly saw Bolon Yokte build a stairway to heaven along with releasing giants and dragons, as the prophesies foretold.

While at this monastery, Plum Village, I also astral projected with the aid of THC into the black hole at the center of the Milky Way where I saw that it had a vein like structure that connected to other universes. When I exited I was given the insight that "everything is made of mirrors". 

On the topic of black holes I have experienced that they can be used to transport machinery up and down, at least on a higher level, essentially you can have a long arm connected to the black hole and hoist it up from its location at a star, rotate it, then lower it again at another star, by so doing getting around the limit of the speed of light.

Since I was very young I have been given a story, I concluded rather quickly that the main parts were given to me because of how well they eventually would fit together. The main protagonist is Nicol the Black and the story opens with a gigantic rogue planet crushing earth and to survive, humanity moves to that planet, named Mesura. This is eerily similar to the Nibiru legend and I was given the story long before I had heard of that. Nibiru supposedly houses a race of giants called the Anunnaki. I define the Anunnaki to be manipulated by gold shimmering entities from the governance of the black hole which I define is represented by the senate from Star Wars. Together they can influence the sun.

*Is Nibiru real?
There is compelling evidence for the existence of Nibiru, Nancy of Zetatalk has a newsletter that I found quite informative. The Zeta she claims to be in contact with will come to play a major role in our future.

Asking if Nibiru is definitely real or not is I think a question rooted in a misunderstanding of the fundamental nature of reality, essentially Nibirus existence is not defined. Quantum mechanically one could say there is a superposition of Nibiru existing and not. I find it easier to adopt the popular view that we are living in a simulation and much like Blizzard has full control over when and if they are going to release their next WoW expansion so too are we at the mercy of whatever Developers are running our world, and as such when and if any expansions are released is not defined.
