***Chapter 18
**Encounters with Lilith
My first encounter with Lilith was in a dream, I was in a crypt under a pyramid and a menacing girl appeared with blood running from her mouth. I "woke up" but everything in my room was mirrored. Instinctively I uttered a spell: "sharda wardic heartic" and a glowing shard appeared in the air, then I woke up for real. At the time I didn't remember the girl's name was Lilith and I remarked on the Spirit Science (now Spiritverse) forum that me forgetting her name was probably for my protection.

I've defined Xahriwi to be sitting on that pyramid.

Later I started interacting with this entity representing herself as a menacing girl and she revealed herself to be Lilith. Shortly after, I was searching something unrelated on google, say on mathematics, and the top result was an esoteric article on Lilith. I don't remember exactly what happened but I remember very well the mystical feeling and I firmly believe it was Lilith who supernaturally influenced physical reality to show me that result, google randomly showing something completely unrelated in the top is just so unlikely.

Over the following years I interacted extensively with Lilith and she eventually revealed a scared and scarred version of herself, who evolved into a bountiful woman. I now consider her closer than family.

Later I found the band In This Moment where the singer wears the mark of Lilith on her forehead and in one song asks God if she is Lilith. After buying their albums and listening to them for a while, I was visited in a profound vision by a higher plane version of In This Moment.

Even more recently I met another incarnation of Lilith in a dream, this time as a beautiful woman who shot tentacles from her body. When the tentacles attacked me I turned her into a kind of computer chip. We have started a process of building a supercomputer based on her chip form.

In This Moment made a cover of the Björk song Army of me, Björk is famous so that's not unusual. What's unusual is I have not only grown up with that song but I have also analyzed it metaphysically, not many songs have metaphysical meaning for me so as a coincidence it makes me go "huh, that's odd". What cannot be as easily explained as a coincidence is that the first album of In This Moment suddenly got added to my youtube music library. I bought almost all albums on google music which then got transferred when that service shut down, but I didn't buy the first nor the two most recent albums. I have bought the first album from a company unrelated to google and have it on my computer (not phone) so I have no reason to listen to it with ads in youtube music, let alone save it to my library. There is no evidence that the algorithm can add songs autonomously and if it could why wouldn't it add the other albums I'm missing? 

One plausible explanation is that, since In This Moment could give me a concrete vision, they could have contacted an agency with the ability to enter smartphones with zero click exploits. Then they made that modification to my youtube music library to mark presence.

Due to In This Moments connection to meditation and Lilith, along with making good music, I have made them the official state band.
