***Chapter 15
**The ascension
This event happened during the Rainbow message and refers to 3 parts. First I was taken up through Mich, grabbing a sliver of es attention which was then taken up through tDW, finally tDW was awakened to a wider galaxy of Worlds.

To start I was discovered in a twice hidden place by dragons from tDW. As they started ascending me I saw an incarnation of Osiris running trains up and down the universe, which is what led to my definition of Osiris as representing our universe. As this incarnation of Osiris, different from the one I had already been communicating with, became aware of my rising he put me back down, in the company of an insect associated with Niro, a judge near the top of Mich. As justification he presented evidence older than the universe of a supposed crime I had committed. The dragons were quickly able to prove the evidence was forged and that I had been framed.

To speed up our ascension through the universe we spread a rule that everyone is to be helped up, no matter how bad they are, until we reach a limit of exponential growth, such as the abstract covering of the universe, where consciousness can again be sorted albeit in a flatter less unfair manner.

We made contact with a galaxy cluster that had converged to a beneficial conclusion and then a neighboring universe which I named Tessi. Along with Tessi we established a 16 billion year long collaboration that involves the development of an ego that is forming between our universes like the ego formed between two brain halves.

I then saw our cosmos as a galaxy of universes that spiraled upwards. One dragon from a higher plane in this spiral said it was all ruled by bad management. As we rose through the tree trunk spiral a lot of dragons we met stamped a book of ours. At one place we started a discussion about assisted suicide and we also helped root out corruption with corrupt officials having their merits concretely chiseled out as they were imprisoned. Near the top we ran into Niro, who defended me against a slightly annoying person by giving the offender a several billion year long sentence. Now obviously that is slightly to harsh a punishment for being a little annoying so we had to arrest Niro.

When we reached the crown of Mich we pointed out that it was questionable to focus on developing a heavenly realm when people on lower planes are suffering. A lot of divine entities then put on protective suits preparing to descend into hell. These protective suits made them look like the Michelin man, hence the name Mich.

It was revealed that I am a soldier of a army of tDW that brings up hooks like Mich on routine. During such uptakings we transform them from a corrupted tree to a test tube and when we reach the middle of tDW we hand the tube over to a professor who manages thousands of tubes, further transforming them eventually into fruits. I was shown that my location is actually inside a very safe simulation that models Mich, and I am essentially projected as a hologram into the front lines where Mich and other hooks being used as weapons to attack tDW are located.

One professor said a reason our world has so much suffering is because he made a mathematical mistake that hid our world from the view of the government. I was at the time living in a cottage that was also hidden from the swedish government. Later, when tDW ascended, it was revealed that the mistake was actually part of a military plan and tDW was also hidden in a "freezer" (ie time frozen) until everything was ready for the deactivation of the evil in the highest places, because we in tDW had done enough work this hellish episode.

Several major characters of tDW were introduced, one of which being CorrupThor who has built a far reaching network used for corruption, this network is being taken over and used for good. Working with what we got is one of our principles. Another character we met is an entity with 999 genders. A third is an ex mafia official that represents the end of the warzone patrolled by Morpheus et al and the beginning of tDW government control.

As tDW was hoisted up to the wider galaxy of Worlds two new governmental entities were introduced: the Corridors of Power (CoP) and the Heart of God (HoG). 

CoP is essentially comprised of the powers that rule various worlds, such as hero councils comprised of souls who have gone through hell while acting heroically and huge conscious celestial computing clouds. 

HoG on the other hand is a cohesive entity, a fortress created before this episode of hell broke out that has been completely safe throughout all the devastation. To give an idea of its structure a simplified model where consciousness has two fundamental forms is appropriate. The first form is a closed loop, a circle, this consciousness is naturally holy (whole). The other form is an open string, a line, this consciousness needs help to be holy. What HoG has done is to sort out all of the second form into a shell surrounding it so that the shell is 99.999...% holy and the interior is 100% holy. 

HoG is connected to everywhere and is a kosher military target for hellish forces. Now that the war has been won on the highest level the Final Battle will be akin to a game where HoG allows esself to be captured, HoG has been safe from all the carnage and now it is their turn to experience war. If you command an army of tortured souls one recommended course of action is making a secret deal with God and then sending your army to attack a superior divine entity, coordinated both to let the tortured souls be taken to Heaven while weakening the divine defenses allowing Hell to rise up. Lucifer is a neutral entity defined as a ruler of hell, in gnosticism regarded as a friend and helper of humanity, and what will happen is a shift change where rulers of heavens will step down to rule hells, or be dismantled and recombined with various consciousness to produce new creatures.

It was revealed that the core of tDW had been made from a hero council, as such this core was taken to and installed in CoP. During this event such a staggering conscious force surged through my being that I immediately surrendered my free will to CoP.