***Chapter 9
**Becoming a part of governance
Say you want to join a celestial government, as an agent, politician or simply a civilian who can vote and is offered protection, how would one go about doing that? Well, I would recommend taking some sort of oath. Lili as a name means "my God is an oath" so oaths have a center place in my metareligion based on the symbol of Lilith.

To begin with we can start with Bolon Yokte, defined to be the local galactic government. You can either summon up the image of a nine footed jaguar or a gnome. I define gnomes to be officials of Bolon Yokte. Say you want to take an oath, the gnome might reply "how about an oath of being good for 50 years?" Now you might think it is hard to even know what goodness is so you want something you know you can follow. The gnome might suggest an oath of focus, which increases intelligence so it is pretty much universally accepted by everyone to be good. These two are the usual oaths we suggest, of course you can get how creative you want and if you take an oath that raises intrigue and eyebrows you may gain notority. This is my definition of magic: capturing attention. When you do a magic ritual you are trying to get the attention of some supernatural force, in addition white magic is often about reciting various angelic names, and remembering someones name is a great way to make them inclined to help you.

Of course you can simply promise to focus until you decide you don't want to anymore, but that is like a soldier that can leave the army at any point. It becomes unreliable to plan a lengthy operation with your involvement. Once you've taken an oath you will start being included in government activities, I suggest taking an oath of length 16 billion years.

**Next steps
So what do you do now that you are gradually getting more connected to more cosmic consciousness? Well, the only thing you have to focus on is focus itself, can you count 1000 breaths in a row without missing one? Can you silence your mind for 3 heart beats? Can you even feel your heart beat without checking your pulse? These are very useful qualifications to have.

If you are a group you can sit in a circle, communicating like cats (ie sitting around in silence communicating with body language), with papers to expand mindmaps together on. A meditation group in focused harmony becomes like a "GPU" that can process messages in parallel, receiving one word each then combining them on paper to decipher a sentence.

Apart from angels, Kremlins can also help connect you with various entities. I define a Kremlin to be like a router, a fortress that can accept big connections from above or small connections through a window. To be connected to some conversations you need a license to say (think) a single word. For groups you should practice sending messages where each participant thinks a single word, or where you wrap around the group for sentences longer than the amount of people in the group. For example you could transmit axiom 2 by writing out where everyone can see: "a small evolutionary edge, leads to total dominance, due to exponential growth". Then one person can think the word "a" then signal to the next person who thinks "small" and so on. Or, if you are three people/groups, one can focus on the first part of the sentence, another the middle and the third the third while transmitting as a unified mind. The larger and more focused your extended mind becomes the better you become at sending and receiving messages. 

Beyond meditation you could practice magic. To start you off let me explain a Medusa spell I discovered.

Say an authoritative entity appears in your minds space, what you can do is summon up the image of for example a pen then hit the entity over the head while defining what you are doing by adding a not-operation, ie what you are doing is not hitting the entity over the head with a pen. If the forces you are aligned with can summon up sufficient vortices of consciousness while you wave your "wand" (imaginary pen) to confuse the entity enough that it can't immediately see the logical trap it will naturally command that you are not allowed to do what you just did, then you (or rather your friends) just have to access the entitys layer of foundational logical laws, one of which will be that you have to follow your own laws, then implement the command it just gave as a new law.

If you're not allowed to not hit someone on the head with a pencil then hitting someone over the head with a pencil is the only thing you're allowed to do (since the not-operation takes the set containing hitting someone with a pencil to the set containing everything but). The entity becomes petrified, unable to take any action (except hitting people with pens) under its own laws. 

Some entities are immune and to others the spell might actually be lethal, and as far as possibly lethal spells go it is extremely safe, you are by definition not doing anything.
