***Chapter 16
**Thoughts on governance
I agree with ChatGPT that the way to world peace is through empowering the UN and eventually establishing a unifying global government. How should such a government function?

(Direct) democracy has never been implemented on earth, instead republics (representative democracy) are the dominant form of governance. With the advent of blockchains we now have the technology to allow all citizens to vote on a majority of decisions.

The naive implementation of 1 vote per person can be improved to a meritocracy by giving specialists extra votes on decisions concerning their fields. Then the third pillar of power should be added, giving extra votes based on suffering. Just to throw out some numbers; Africans, native Americans and native Australians could get 1000 votes, Asians 500 and Europeans along with their descendants 100, with women receiving an extra 10%.

Healthcare and education should be free. No one should be forced to work. It is absurd that with all the advances of modern technology people are still forced to perform menial tasks and are arguably more stressed than in the stone age. Being relaxed and safe allows for spiritual development and creativity to bloom. In a swedish movie the protagonist studies a bunch of scientific books but is forced to spend a majority of his time picking up trash, surely society would evolve faster if citizens were allowed to learn freely without pressure. 

Even if a lot of people would simply party and have fun without contributing to technological development their happiness would spread throughout society and happiness has intrinsic value. What worth does technological advancements give if it doesn't make our lives more enjoyable? The worth is in countering the fear of foreign forces that become more threatening the more advanced they are, but through forming a united global army with a peacekeeping mandate such fears can be largely put to rest.

*AI regulated purchases
I envision a society that can run without money. When you want to buy something an AI, that has been trained on generalized situations to agree with the public consensus, analyses your historical spending and gives a score to the merchant. A green score means the purchase is legal, a red one illegal, and the yellow in between is up to the merchant to decide by considering the impact on es reputation. When the AI encounters a novel situation it can publish it on a government portal where citizens can vote on what score it should have. In this way people with beneficial jobs will likely by vote be allowed more luxury and people whose time is important like scientists and engineers be allowed more time saving services such as prepared meals.

Company revenue is provided by the government based on benefit to society, amount of users and people who vote for budget to be spent on the company. Thus the income model becomes make the best product you can while asking your users to cast budget votes for your company. This revenue from the government is integrated in the AI and results in moves of expansion, such as renting servers, being given a greener score.

Of course a market based on traditional money could exist alongside the AI based distribution of goods and services.

*Homelessness
To eradicate homelessness I suggest the building of cheap barracks along with opening up churches/malls/etc during the night for people to take shelter in. 

I bought a cow for $200 for a friend in Rwanda and she traded it for a central house with more than one room on a significant plot of land. By building single rooms more densely on rural land the cost could be reduced further and a room could be built for every homeless person on earth in sub Saharan Africa for roughly 20 billion dollars. Obviously relocating all homeless people to Africa is infeasible and since in colder nations heating is an issue this figure is larger for a full solution, but the point stands that the problem of homelessness persists because of a lack of will not money.

*Drugs
Alcohol: 3 beers is ok. I base this on one time when I went 3 days without ingesting any fluids. On the third day I received two visions of being given a beer by my grandfather. Now if someone gives you two beers it is appropriate to fund the next round, hence 3 beers is halal.

Nicotine: cigarettes are dangerous enough to be banned. However nicotine itself is neuroprotective so less dangerous modes of administration, such as snus, should be available.

Marijuana: this popular herb carries many benefits and is trivially less dangerous than alcohol, hence it is illogical for a society that allows beer to ban marijuana.

Stimulants: these should be regulated to prevent overuse and addiction but be available to fuel constructive work. It is not hard to see how a ten hour energy boost can be useful for both the military and the civilian workforce.

Euphoriants: these are drugs that are taken solely to feel good and should be more tightly regulated as they have less concrete benefits. Still they can be used for celebrations or as rewards, boosting morale. Perhaps allowing a purchase once a year is appropriate. Chemicals such as bk-mdma, a less neurotoxic version of mdma, can also be administered once to demonstrate the feelings biology is able to produce, and which may be experienced regularly by default when incarnated in a more sensitive body, instilling strong motivation to fight for a better future.

Cocaine: this is the only drug to be completely banned as it symbolically represents something very bad. To get around the problem of research chemicals that aren't "technically cocaine" I define cocaine as any substance that causes a short high while inducing aggression.

Psychedelics: access to these is a right. Their use for spiritual purposes in native American communities has already been judicially established as legal. Psychedelics provably lead to mystical experiences involving communication with higher powers as well as providing insights in scientific thinking, hence facilities providing access to safe ingestion of psychedelics should be proliferated throughout society. Anything other than once a month psychedelic experiences under the supervision of a licensed sitter being completely legal I consider immoral, as it would hinder the spiritual evolution of the planet. For the sacrament of choice I recommend San Pedro cacti, as the preparation becomes a ritual of meditation and it provides a more organic set of molecules than a single isolated chemical.

*Torture
Unfortunately torture is a reality of war and trying to enforce a blanket ban comes of as a tad naive. Extracting plans from a enemy officer and hurting a captured Hitler to exert leverage on wild Hitlers are both situations that can justify torture. 

However, We have completely outlawed the following two methods of torture: sexual violation of women and fake uptakings where you lie and say you are taking someone to heaven.

Torture has a benefit, it purifies. A group of soldiers only have to be tortured until one of them cracks and surrenders the sought information, exposing a weak link. The more rounds of torture a soul has undergone during the eternities of Hell without succumbing to betrayal the more vital information it can be entrusted with in the war against Satan.
