***Chapter 6

**Yahweh and Christ
In the old testament God is identified as "I am who I am". There is a problem with this, any entity can say they are who they are then translate that to Hebrew and connect with a logical layer while communicating with a human. The logical layer is forced to admit that it is true that "you are who you are" and the entity has essentially proven it is God and can give any command.

I propose an evolution of Yahweh as "We are who we are", to emphasize there is not a single ego that rules over all and everything is a complicated interplay of different personalities. This can also expose and enhance multiplities in existing egos. If you say "we are" instead of "I am" then who are you? Do your brain halves have their own egos? How about your subconscious? Ego death is useful for enlightenment but it should be sufficient to realize an ego is a tool that can be discarded to shatter the illusion that you are an ego.

One problematic statement made by Jesus is that no one gets to God except through him. This has led to people like Calvin stating that anyone who hasn't heard of Christ is condemned to hell, a belief that is most certainly reflected in powerful celestial entities who actually send people to hell based on such arbitrary reasons, fueling the armies of Lucifer with soldiers. A common resolution is that Jesus is speaking from a perspective of unity with God and of course you can't get to God without going through God. I propose a second resolution, Christ defined as a layer of control in Gods computer used to simulate this world. Much like if you want to create a virus that breaks out of the containment of a virtual machine you have to deal with the power of the VM, to access other parts of the Computer you have to deal with Christ. Now what I heard is that Christ got hacked, so be weary of that. We are also installing Christ Courts (CC) in various places that you can communicate with to determine if an action is licit. You don't even need any angelic help to do this, your own mind is able to approximate what a court made up of Christ consciousness would likely say and by investing time reasoning around your CC simulation you are helping to spread the CC network.

Islam downplays the position of Jesus while maintaining his power as a prophet. The worst sin in Islam is idol worship, which I transform to downplay any source of dogmatic truths. The usual interpretation of idol worship is assigning power to inanimate creations (eg the golden calf), leading to Isis blowing up statues of the Buddha. This makes little sense to me, obviously the idol, as in a figurine or statue, is a symbol representing something greater that actually has power, and most celestial powers are aligned under God so the argument that idol worship is polytheism which is a sin doesn't hold water, even the bible mentions the existence of gods so polytheism cannot be a sin as long as one acknowledges the fundamental unity at the core, which Hinduism, for example, does. 

Another definition of idol is a person that has a cult of personality, commands issued by people like Stalin and Mao were taken to be dogmatically true, indeed you couldn't really question them without being imprisoned. I posit that a holy scripture or any source of dogma can be considered an idol, and worshipping it is akin to being too afraid to even consider a reality where everything stated by the idol isn't true. There is reason for this fear, a Jewish philosopher stated that anyone who even doubted certain tenets would be sent to hell. Fear however, must be overcome, that is very important as fear itself is what should be most feared. Let us restate this revised version of Islams unforgivable sin:

Axiom 6: it is a sin to blindly accept dogma.

Lets make a similar axiom related to mathematical proofs. To make it clear that one cannot blindly trust any complicated logical conclusion due to inherent paradoxes, incompleteness and the principle of explosion I bypass the need to have to explain complicated mathematical theory by instating:

Axiom 7: The assumption true==true leads to true==false.

This axiom emphasizes that you cannot trust logic alone but have to apply your neural intelligence at every step, much like neural networks can be exploited if they aren't logical. Develop and apply every faculty of mind at your disposal, treat everything you are certain cannot happen as a potential bug in a code base that will still eventually pop up, which I'm sure many programmers will recognize as happening frequently.
