***Chapter 11
**Who am I? 
I am Pharaoh. Yes really. Is your frame of mind now "No you're not"? Then you got honeypotted. Reflexive disbelief does not create rapport, basically your instinctual reaction is sowing discord between us and sources of discord are demoted in the celestial hierarchy. It is like when I told a priest I am an angel and she simply replied she didn't believe me, effectively ending the conversation. There are several problems with this. Firstly it is faithlessness, both toward me personally but also toward God as she implies angels existing in human forms is not even worth considering. Secondly even if you believe people who claim they are angels are almost certainly insane you should try to cure this insanity, to do this you have to understand why they have this belief and establish rapport to be able to change it. Like the black man who befriended several KKK members and managed to convince them to leave the movement simply by building rapport, arguments coming from a perceived "out group" have a tendency to instead solidify the belief of the in group. Furthermore you have to consider DoD: Depends on Definitions; if you don't you'll be removed from the conversation by the Department of Defense. What does the person even mean when they say "angel"? Angel originally meant "messenger" but has evolved to "messenger of God". A universal Divine message is to be good, thus anyone who encourages others to be good can by definition be an angel. Also I personally have intermittently felt a presence of having wings and in a profound vision I saw the wings were interwoven with lifetimes I had lived. The priest failed to attain the definition that simply made my statement trivially true and also missed out on my visionary information (which if you blanket label as insane you are calling all of spirituality and also the US military insane, as they have sent soldiers to train with the Monroe Institute) all because her communication wasn't motivated by building rapport.

So what do I mean with the statement "I am Pharaoh"? Well, one night I was standing around in the cold from dusk to dawn focusing on my breath with a meditation band. In the midst of darkness as I was standing on a hill a voice descended from the sky saying "You are Pharaoh!" Egyptian Pharaohs were seen as instated by the Divine, I'm instead "instated" by an unknown cosmic voice, which you can essentially treat as serious as you wish. Later when I made extensive contact with Osiris, who I define to represent the government of our universe, we rolled with it and established an informal government based on this definition of me as Pharaoh, spreading a network of bureaucrats working in exchange for points. The saying "take it to Pharaoh" in ancient Egypt meant taking it to a government official who essentially acts as an extension of Pharaohs will. My will is to be an informal advisor who helps everyone and is a mediator of peace in a position as a universal friend.

Now Pharaoh is only one of many egos I can use when communicating. I can adopt the ego of a gnome under Bolon Yoktes regime when it suits the situation.

Obviously I have a human form but I am not a human. I sometimes get the question of what my true form is, and apart from the ultimate true form of no form my answer is a purple sphere that is ~300 billions years old and can be seen as a virus, a weapon created by the Dragon World (tDW) to spread destruction recursively. The name of my virus form is Nicol the Black. Yes, the protagonist from my childhood story, the Mesura tale is essentially my origin mythology where I eventually ascend to my current master Xah (X representing heart and ah breath, focus on both to say the name).

Why do I call it the Dragon World? Because I have communicated with many dragons and have several dragon egos, one gentle white and one harsh black as well as a chaotic purple one. In a dream I saw a giant white hydra dragon with each head performing some political function, I define it to rule from the top of tDW.

Psychedelics can certainly help you understand yourself and aid metaphysical communication, however they aren't necessary and can be very dangerous if you aren't in a safe setting and know what you are doing. I have experimented quite a bit with psychedelics but didn't experience anything metaphysical until I accidentaly overdosed on a legal rc (research chemical), this broke "the fourth wall" and I came into contact with my ex, it also made me realize the future involving constant metaphysical mind connections. Essentially you want to have a mind family who live in your mind, sharing your every thought and indeed being an influence on everything you think. Your mind family becomes an extension of your mind and together you form a new ego that can present itself as a single unity.

Now before you go risking an overdose to get some insight, what followed after that one positive realization was a very disgusting and painful experience that took me years to get over. I was tortured by a Nazi officer then slaughtered for profit by some witches and a catlike entity associated with the swedish government. Also something important was stolen. I died a thousand times and with that my ego was shattered, so there is something good in everything bad.

The ego representing the unity of my mind family is Xahriwi, who you can imagine as a red parrot sitting on an abstract spherical covering of our universe. When I use the word "I" I am often referring to Xahriwi, indeed I can't even distinguish "my" thoughts from those of my mind family.
