***Chapter 5

**Simulations
There is a proof that we are most likely living in a simulation, it goes like this: when a civilization reaches a point where it can make these simulations it will likely make many of them, and the simulations in turn can reach the point where they can make their own simulations and so on, leading to there being more simulated worlds than the one base reality, and hence it is way more probable that we are in one of the simulations.

Some mystics would disagree with this and argue that we are thoughts in the mind of God. To resolve this I propose a flexible definition of "simulation": when something is imagined that is in some sense a simulation. Given the proof and flexibility of what a simulation is I invoke:

Axiom 5: we are in a simulation.

As masters of our simulation I define, naturally, the machine world from the Matrix. When I first watched the Matrix movies I remember being confused as to how Neo had power to disable the squid machines in real reality, I've since resolved this by concluding that that reality was also a simulation.

To evaluate what the Developers can/will do, the Blizzard analogy is helpful, sure you can technically change your online world any way you want, but there are many things to consider, such as government laws, military pacts and development time. If you have the code already for two worlds where some fact differs, such as the existence of Nibiru, changing a server from one to the other is fairly trivial.

I don't have to define a symbolic Blizzard for you to mail them, just send to "kinda Blizzard" and if you propose an interesting enough idea for a game they might develop it.

What is the purpose of a game? Maybe to make friends and have fun. What if someone betrayed/exploited their friends to get WoW gold? This seems trivially obviously a mistake, sure the gold is not worthless but most wouldn't consider resources in a online game to be indicative of real success. This is a very precise parallel to the many humen playing a complicated political chess game sacrificing their friends for power and money. They may think they are evil and successful but to us they seem like losers who sacrifice something with eternal value, friendship, for a transient lifetime of pleasure.

It is a common trope of someone searching for a treasure and when they find and open the chest it only contains a message that says "the true treasure is the friends we made along the way". It is a cheesy statement but very true. In fact the amount of friendship you have is the second pillar determining your souls evolution. This does not mean introverts evolve slower, if your choice profile is benevolent essentially all of God is your friend.

Whether friendship or meditation is the more important pillar is debatable, one trick we frequently pull which you will want to immunize yourself to is the following: we ask a european how many friends es has, then we shift the ego we are asking to the ego of all europeans, including the descendants of the settlers who killed all the Americans and Australians. If the person has no non-european friends they are forced to answer they have no friends. To fix this, simply go online and find some African group and start befriending people.

*We?
I am part of a celestial army, I remember seeing a picture with someone saying "Oh yea, you and what army?" while an army of angels looked down from the clouds, we are such an army. Our theme song is "Working all through the night", the 2012 baktun shift represented cosmic dawn and some entities hibernate through the darker periods, while we practice polyphasic sleep. In the future I may also use We with a capital W to signify the involvement of a higher power and not just my personal friends, celestial squadron and family.
