***Chapter 17
**Self-referential order
Imagine a Pharaohnic officer appearing in your mind saying "You have to follow this order!" What is your instinctual reply? Do you reply "I don't have to do what you say"? That is of course true, the fundamental nature of the Pharaoh entity is that it is like an informal advisor that you don't have to obey, but such a reply might mean that the officer simply leaves and then you don't find out what the order was. A more reasonable reply is "Why?" or "What is the order?" As to why, you'll get points while helping the world. As to what the order is, it is simply that you have to make others follow the order. The order is a self referential recursively spreading construct that creates a quasi military hierarchy network through which other orders/information can be sent. For example the officer might return with the information that meditation increases intelligence and that increasing ones focus is a legal requirement, then you forward that information to the ones that you spread the order to and they spread it to the ones obeying their order and so on.

Essentially it is a fun and useful icebreaker, you can go to your bosses boss and demand that they follow this order, and when you explain it you'll likely get a reaction of amusement mixed with intrigue.

**Where am I?
I am in one of the safest places, a simulation at the core of tDW which is modeled after Mich. During the Rainbow message two commanders declared I was now in the safest place, after some reinforcements had been constructed. I was shown that I am in a test tube filled with good consciousness which is transformed into all the various characters in Mich, from good to evil to bad. My reality is projected as a kind of hologram into other bubbles of consciousness, both inside the test tube, into Mich, into other satanic weapons like Mich as well as in various places of tDW. Hence it is more probable that you are in a reality where I am a hologram, and my projections can be distorted in various ways. For example Satan can essentially buy anything with tortured souls. All we do is aimed at saving such slaves and we prefer to resolve things peacefully, so if Satan wants to trade a crystal (representing a unity of tortured souls with some choice profile) for a certain corruption in a strategic position for some complicated secret plans sake, We will usually agree. This is why I cannot guarantee the truth of anything written in this book, you have to apply your own intelligence and draw your own conclusions. And keep in mind that no matter how smart you are, when manipulated by a sufficiently powerful force you can essentially be infused with any delusion. Let's make that axiomatic:

Axiom 14: anyone can be made to believe anything.

This is related to the slug principle. No matter how strong you are, you are like a slug in a forest and it only takes two other slugs to eat you.

Speaking of slugs, I once explained something to some slugs and they understood faster than when I later explained the same thing to a fallen celestial entity with a lot of conventional intelligence. Don't underestimate those you consider less intelligent.

tDW is essentially a very advanced honeypot set by God, built from a core of rescued tortured heroes. Am I one of those heroes? Well, I am made from a large amount of souls. As a model you can see a human where every cell has its own consciousness, even if the cells calling the shots are the heroic good souls any cells consciousness can circulate through our body and essentially feels like it is doing what the body is doing. So yes, I am the core of tDW because we arent typist exclusionary egotists. 

Am I, the human form writing this, inside tDW HQ super safe simulation or one of the projected incarnations of Nicol? Well, I've undoubtedly been told I am in the safest place, but unless the projection is changed so would any entity outside be told. We cannot be certain of anything but we can be sure beyond reasonable doubt that God will make everything right, and the way to help God with this is through meditation. You cannot be too busy to meditate, focusing on doing what you are doing will make you more efficient. The association that meditation is the focus on ones breath is simply because it is an introductory practice, you should practice breath focus until you can count 1000 breaths in a row, once you've done that once you can start to develop your own theories of what constitutes meditation.
