***Chapter 19
**Breaking bonds
It is common in modern society to cut off toxic people for ones own wellbeing. I argue however that it is better to pause communication rather than break it completely. Breaking a bond of friendship is essentially the harshest punishment one can inflict on another, and should be exercised carefully if at all.

Inspired by the Islamic sin of breaking family bonds I generalize and invoke:

Axiom 15: it is a sin to break bonds.

I have married God and by that I infer that I never break any bonds, since God is all (everyone). Marriage to me simply means a promise to always keep in touch, no matter how infrequently.

**Optionality of axioms
Of course you don't have to include axiom 15 in a religion you create. The following is another optional axiom that has the benefit of soothing believers in it.

Axiom 16: hell only exists as an ancestry simulation.

The meaning being that all hell is long since fixed and we are experiencing a sort of history lesson to learn more about what can cause hellish episodes to manifest.

**A better voting system
Rather than ranking candidates one can put down approval ratings. For example, with the numbers specified earlier, if an African put 60% approval for a candidate and an Asian put 90% the approval rating would become 70%.

Such a system is used in the UN among other places.

**Chakra pumps
Activating the higher chakras should be pursued. The third eye is relatively easy, just put your finger on your forehead and focus on the lingering feeling. Eventually you may be able to use this chakra as a pump to pump energy up toward the crown chakra, which is slightly tricky to get a handle on. Once mastered the crown chakra can also be used as a pump, pumping energy into different planes of existence.

One time I was pumping the third eye for a while and was subsequently delivered a load of spiritual sugar, so that endeavor can be fruitful.

**Black and white spheres
Black spheres have been wound up to torture their surroundings, to enable them to be used as a weapon in war. White spheres are generally more like traditional survivors, who haven't succumbed to torturing others. Black spheres have usually been tortured for longer.

Both spheres are innocent victims who have been metaphorically thrown down a deep well then covered with cement. It is finally their time to be dug out and see the world with all its wonders.

It is a good idea to personalize parts of these spheres and initiate communications, even if your mail only reaches them when they have been rescued it will still make them happy, and you almost certainly can already communicate with the spheres on a high level.

To facilitate this personalization you can add -seska to the name of an existing friend and imagine that is the name of a person with a similar choice profile to your friend but who was thrown in a well a long time ago. "Se ska" means "see will" in swedish. -seska added to a name usually becomes something beautiful, for example Fran becomes Franseska. Of course you can make up any name you want, this is simply a method that has been given to me.