***Chapter 24
**Problems with democracy and pro-life
If two people live in an apartment they would have to resolve ties in votes some way, perhaps with a random number generator. If one of the people invites their twin, who always votes the same as them, to live in the apartment suddenly the twins will have majority in every decision and, under raw democracy, decide everything. By reintroducing a random number generator that favors the lone person 1/3 of the time intuitive fairness is reinstated.

Another option is decreasing/increasing voting power when a vote is won/lost. This can cause strategic voting where someone votes against their will on an issue they expect will fall in their favor anyways.

Introducing randomness in some government decisions through a quantum number generator has a benefit that reality could split up, with the new realities forming in amounts in proportion to the result of the vote. A higher power could then simulate these various realities to determine the optimal outcome and clamp the world line to the better decision.

Since consciousness is not limited, all the matter making up the universe had to come from somewhere and I had a vision of a paper forming a pen that writes on the same paper (ie everything is fundamentally one substance), there comes a evolutionary point where a civilization is able to industrially mass produce arbitrary amounts of new souls. The first to reach such a technological singularity would be able to democratically dominate surrounding worlds, due to an exponentially growing amount of voting souls. Some checks need to be put in place to avoid such democratic dictatorships.

One pro-life argument is that a potential person has a right to become a person. This has a problem because every egg is a potential person, and due to stem cell research any cell is able to be changed into an egg cell. Does every cell of every human have a right to become an independent human? Or, when a civilization reaches the soul creating singularity, does every part of a world soul have a right to also become a world soul? If the right for potential people to become people is enshrined in law an AI following this law could cause unchecked recursive growth of new worlds by creating world souls from every soul and further world souls out of those created world souls, and so on.

What if a world is created, does this world have a right to exist and continue evolving simply because it has now existed once? Is that unfair to all the other soul parts that could also become worlds? Is a simulation of a world, in a "computer" that could easily simulate another world, allowed to be turned off? What qualifies as such a simulation?

**Arguments for allowing migrants
In 2015 Sweden took in a lot of migrants, a lot of economists predicted this would have a detrimental effect on the economy, instead the economy grew. Financial assets are mere tokens representing real assets, such as workers. Migrants represent an influx of workers.

Some people fear migrants will disrupt a countrys pure culture. I argue this is misguided and a multicultural environment is more effective, much like the notion of a pure race being better is not rooted in biology, genetically diverse individuals are more resilient.

**The out group mentality as an origin of evil
Much evil stems from perceiving some as close to oneself, an in group, and others as distant, the out group. The mentality becomes that the in group is good and the out group bad/defective. One common belief is that animals lack an eternal soul, this creates an in group of humanity versus the defective out group of animals, defective in the lack of soul, which can motivate enslavement and mistreatment for the gain of the in group.

"Our separation from each other is an optical illusion." -Albert Einstein

If the view that we are all part of the same world soul were to be propagated, forming an universal in group, evil could be decreased.