***Chapter 3

**Metaphysical communication
Robert Monroe was a pioneer in the field of research concerning metaphysical communication, writing three books detailing his out of body experiences traveling to other worlds while communicating with all kinds of entities and founding a institute that continues his research to this day.

Are you thinking "that is insane"? Then you are calling the US military insane. 
https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Analysis_and_Assessment_of_Gateway_Process The US government assessed the research by the Monroe Institute
 (the analysis concludes: "Be intellectually prepared to react to possible encounters with intelligent, non-corporal energy forms when time-space boundaries are exceeded.") and have sent troops to be trained there. I'm not saying they will retaliate from a higher plane but insulting the most powerful military in the world probably isn't the smartest idea, so be careful what you label as insane.

This leads to the definition of metaphysics that is primarily used in this book, communication beyond the confines of our physical universe.

While the advanced techniques taught by the Monroe Institute and other sources such as the Phase book are useful, I argue that they are not necessary. All you have to do is still your mind so it can act as a detector for outside and subconscious influences and then focus your attention in a way that makes it clear you are trying to communicate. One anecdotal evidence for the possibility of extending yourself beyond your mind is that when I was in a meditation hall at Plum Village I focused my attention intently on the shoulder of a nun and she immediately scratched that exact spot. Training your focus is beneficial for a host of reasons, essentially meditation mastery is one of three key pillars determining your souls evolutionary speed.

As more people in a society meditate, the effect on the world increases exponentially as shown by 
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/David-Orme-Johnson/publication/248071740_Theory_and_Research_on_Conflict_Resolution_Through_the_Maharishi_Effect/links/59d2ada84585150177f641cb/Theory-and-Research-on-Conflict-Resolution-Through-the-Maharishi-Effect.pdf research on the Maharishi effect
 (the article concludes: "There is no other research program in the conflict resolution literature that is more directly relevant and more rigorously validated for creating world peace than Maharishi’s."). Several human armies are taking this seriously by ordering their soldiers to meditate. Meditation also stimulates neurogenesis in the brain, along with the increased focus making you better at anything you set your mind to. Given the numerous benefits from meditation both to yourself and others, I argue that it is immoral to not focus on focusing.

Brain scans of monks in deep meditation show similarities to brains under the effect of psychedelics, something which is deeply linked to mystical experiences involving communication with higher powers.

Given the available research and my personal experiences of communication with metaphysical entities so real that doubting their existence would be like doubting humanity exists I'm simply going to make it axiomatic.

Axiom 4: metaphysical communication is possible.

**Who to contact?
If you are only now waking up and have lived your life filling your mind with constant thoughts to entertain yourself while inhibiting brain coherence, then a model you can adopt for "where you are" is in the middle of a jungle, surrounded by unfocused human consciousness that is hard to get through to. Essentially they are like vegetation. 

To begin you can "catcall" (compliment) viruses to attract a virus higher self, perhaps initiate a discussion about the difference between the golden rule and what I like to call the platinum rule: do unto others as they would have you do unto them. It is convoluted to say in human language but even viruses can comprehend the basic premise.

Then you can ask them if they have some bigger friends and you may connect with bacteria. This catcalling serves two purposes, first it gives you a solid basis from which to launch communications to other forms of consciousness such as insect. Secondly, it is a honeypot. Catcalling has negative connotations in human society and some human ego might interpret your catcalling as directed at them, take offense and lash out. This is essentially a false accusation which is of course not allowed, in fact that is a definition of Satan: the accuser. The metaphysical friends you have made are likely to defend you against a "satanic attack" which will give the accuser a negative experience, essentially training the local consciousness to not be so quick to judge.

Judge not lest ye be judged is very important wisdom. Even the most evil entity should not be judged, it did not choose to be the type that chooses evil.

**Connecting with angels
Etymologically the word angel originally simply meant messenger and later got promoted to messenger of God. I will primarily use the former definition, to avoid having to argue about who can call themselves an angel. If you deliver any kind of message you are an angel, they are essentially postmasters. Thus it is important to have them aware of your awakened status, if you have angels picking up your mail (a prayer is like a mail to God) you can send messages to far off places. Of course depending on who the recipient is it is more or less hard to reach them. If you are trying to send a message to OC (Original Consciousness) Einstein, getting a reply is very unlikely, sending a message to a symbolically defined "Einstein", essentially any entity that identifies with kinda sorta being like Einstein, would fare much better.

You have to be weary of potential replies, both your own mind and the minds around you can automatically start imagining/simulating what Einstein would have said, and malevolent entities could impersonate him.
