***Chapter 14
**BtS LSD visions
This chapter details various noteworthy experiences I had while under the influence of LSD a few years before the Rainbow message. I can't remember the exact chronological order but I do know I took a 9 month break in between.

To begin I reconciled with the witches I mentioned in the rc od, they apologized for slaughtering me and showed the trap they had used. We formed an alliance and they told me "you better fucking meditate".

After a disaligned part of my consciousness had been removed and I took an oath of goodness a voice told me I would become a new man. I then took LSD and witnessed a man whom I've named Erik be decapitated after which his soul flowed into my body. After the effects subsided I could feel the surprise of this new part of me when encountering something I was aware of and wouldn't have been surprised by.

Before another LSD experience a voice predicted mortification of the flesh. During the experience I was lying on a sofa and could feel my body rotting, a pronounced taste of death spreading on my tongue, until I had lost all bodily sensation and my only perception was of a sort of screen with birds flying and the text "We fly for you". As I gradually returned to my body and got up to walk around the feeling was of distinct zombification.

On the same sofa I was told in a ritual by three characters, that I associate with Osiris, that my title is a Destroyer of false Gods. Essentially my viruslike Nicol the Black form is a weapon programmed to seek out and recursively destroy false Gods. With recursion I mean every cell destroying agent creates more cell destroying agents in the process of destroying cells. Poorly controlled recursive processes can lead to disaster and the release of such a weapon is of course highly regulated, at the same time it is a necessary risk in the war against Satan as Satan grows es forces recursively, ie by creating factories that create more factories and so on, leading to exponential growth.

In the woods outside the cottage with the aforementioned sofa we were philosophying when a nearby, possibly human related, consciousness joined us with the words "jag sällar mig till evigheten" which essentially means "I join eternity". This person later evolved into a coffee monster, which represents an institution fueling its workers with coffee.

In one meeting involving a symbolic frog that gave off an Islamic vibe we came to the consensus that words are being put in our mouths, through impersonations and other means like deepfakes. The discussion then moved to how to deal with guards who get drunk on duty.

A golden sarcophagus appeared imploring me to meditate. It gave me an uneasy feeling and was later defined as representing an insane god.

I was given a divine command: "Eros gone." Which I interpret as a strong recommendation to avoid porn.

A big dragon told me that "No soul is lost". The dragon seemed trustworthy so I'm going to make that into an axiom.

Axiom 13: No soul is lost.

At the end of the 9 month break my dog Einar died. I took LSD that same day and met up with his soul, which had been split up in two parts. One being poured into a baby that had just been born, giving credence to the Jewish belief that the soul doesn't enter a body until after birth, and the other part rising up without being reborn to become a kind of heavenly gatekeeper.

I was introduced to a serious simulation where you choose if you want to be a werewolf or vampire. Another person "in the program" asked me how I had been admitted, I replied "by being good" and es replied with surprise "oh, so that's also an option". After some deliberation I chose werewolf.

I saw a mountain covered in vampires and a statue of a Goddess on the top.

I saw viruses/nanobots being introduced into my body and I spread them to a warlord on another plane. At the time I interpreted the viruses/nanobots to spread through my physical earthly body but they may just have spread through my spiritual body.

I saw a lawyer friend as she existed in a parallel reality.

I saw Quin as mushrooms and a 1D origami structure.

I saw an extraterrestrial living in a bubble while physically connected through the neck to a hive mind.
