***Chapter 21
**The chosen people
Many religions claim their followers are the chosen people and alone will enter heaven, this causes division. Division is diabolical. The global mind is divided by nations that sabotage each other to get an edge. Imagine if your own brain did the same, that would be schizophrenia, split mind. In the words of Einstein, nationalism is an infantile disease.

In my opinion agnostics are Gods chosen people. You can still believe a religious figure is divinely inspired while being agnostic, as long as you don't claim what they say is absolute truth. Use your own reason to evaluate every statement and don't be overconfident in your own ability to interpret spiritual wisdom that often has deeper mystical meanings. If you take a sacred book as the flawless and perfect word of God and take a certain interpretation of it as providing inviolable laws that is not agnostic. It is somehow arrogant to claim that first a human receives divine revelations perfectly and writes them down perfectly, then that book is preserved and translated over thousands of years perfectly before finally a modern interpretation is, also, perfect. The book becomes your idol that you worship by seeing it as unquestionably perfect.

Humanity represents spiritual entities vying for power in an imperfect world. Humanity uses strategies of war like divide and conquer to impose their will on others, hence others spread disinformation to humanity and its higher selves to divide and conquer, as below so above. Consider any tenet as a possible diabolical corruption meant to hinder the planets evolution. Unity brings progress, a united mind is a healthy mind, work toward global mind unity.

While an agnostic mindset, acknowledging that we can always be deluded, is crucial, gnosis is possible. A parable is a tribe living on an isolated island, representing the material world, with vast ocean as far as the eye can see on all sides. They may believe the island is all there is, even though some claim to have encountered continents on sea faring voyages. Many travelers testimonies may make you believe in the mainland but it is not until you take the journey yourself that you can truly know that the spiritual world exists and become a gnostic. A hermit from birth may believe they are the only person in existence, but it only takes meeting one stranger stumbling through the forest to know you're not alone.

**Model of the origin of suffering
"All models are wrong, but some are useful." -George Box.

In the beginning all there was was a single circle of protoconsciousness, eventually the circle managed to twist itself into an infinity symbol, creating two circles. Because the circle is infinite each new circle can be further twisted into endless patterns of more circles.

Eventually two types of protosoul particles evolved from the circle. They were both strings, one closed in a loop and the other open like a larva. Open and closed strings are also present in string theory. Suns were created to spread warm vibrations, when the closed protosouls were struck with a photon of vibration they continued vibrating a long time, but for the open ones the vibration passed through them and evaporated, leading to the circular protosouls being warmer. This is the primordial injustice.

A closed loop also represents natural holiness. Open protosouls were not instinctually holy, this is the primordial handicap.

With inequality in its base existence grew asymmetrically with worlds on every step of a long evolutionary ladder. This gave rise to condescension, with more evolved entities feeling superior to those less fortunate. Condescension is the primordial sin.

God realized that condescension was a real problem, indicative of something much worse and would lead to real suffering if not rooted out. But how do you criminalize simply feeling superior to someone who you are, in a very real sense, actually superior to? The worse sins emerging from condescension had to be proven by injecting chaos and uncertainty into existence; by breaking the all pervading unity of goodness that made committing crimes obviously illogical; by war.

In preparation God made a fortress comprised of only completely holy consciousness, by excluding any potential "evolutionary handicaps" the fortress had an evolutionary advantage to rest of existence. An advantage as small as 0.02% per year will over a million years lead to evolutionary progress of every atom in the observable universe times the evolution of the rest of existence, so the fortress quickly became overwhelmingly powerful. Connected to everything and able to record every single choice of every single soul, the Heart of God was born.

Now the time to unleash the chaos had come and entities all over existence were given secret commands to commence military conquest. It didn't take long for independent entities to follow suit on their own free will, the war had begun.

In the wake of confusion and suffering engulfing existence evil arose, each heinous act meticulously documented by HoG so that in the end existence can be sorted in a pyramid of morality, rather than spiral staircases of handicap.

Suffering exists to let those who remain good under relentless pain rise to the top of governance.