***Chapter 7

**Symbol of Lilith
The symbol of Lilith is the unity of the cross from Christianity and the moon from Islam, thus I define it to represent unity between religions. A religion is like a point in the space of moral frameworks and the more points you consider the better you can interpolate and extrapolate. Extrapolating from a single point gives essentially random results.

Lilith also represents feminism, which is derived from justice, the patriarchy has ruled for a long time, possibly because of divine military reasons with abstract definitions of gender leaking to humanity, so it is trivially obvious that women have to rise to power.

Lilith representing justice leads to a honeypot you can set by simply stating in some setting that you worship Lilith, often someone will say that you are not allowed to do that since it is common in monotheism to only allow the worship of God. The problem is that the word worship is not universally defined so you can reply that your statement simply means that you stand for justice and they have created discord because they didn't try to understand what you were saying and instead jumped to conclusions. They missed the important principle DoD: Depends on Definitions. Anyone who argues without considering DoD will be bumped down the cosmic conversation by the Department of Defense.

That entities identifying themselves as being Lilith exist is a fact to me as I have interacted intimately over a decade with several Liliths and I consider her closer than family. Instead of making her existence axiomatic I will achieve the same effect with definitions. First, Lilith is commonly defined as a mother of all demons ("a" not "the", there are others less well known, such as Naamah), then by adopting a definition of mother common in Africa where village elders are often called parent by the entire community, everyone who always acts motherly to every demon they encounter is by definition Lilith. As to who demons are I think an intro definition based on the popular notion that every human has a small angel and demon in their mind is appropriate. For additional information on ways to view the demon race I suggest reading  
https://sinfest.xyz/ the sinfest webcomic.

*Sinfest
I recommend reading sinfest from the beginning, as it can seem quite random if you don't know the backstory, it contains a plethora of characters that make useful symbolic links. The author makes it quite clear that he has sold his soul to the devil who inspires his drawings. Thus the comic is a mouthpiece of Lucifer and it frequently publishes information that aligns with my metaphysical framework. For example recently it showed a god opening the gates to his heaven, allowing demons in, on the advice of Sauron. Sauron has been a long time ally of mine, primarily because of his stated goal to end the world of men, essentially bringing in an era of matriarchy. And opening heavenly gates is a way for divinity to evolve by discarding racism/typeism to something more united and powerful: devinity. These and other alignments imply that my metaphysical communications with symbolic characters of the comic has reached the actual devil that Tatsuya sold his soul to and all I hear resonates with his submittance to the forces of Goodness, as axiom 2 makes trivially obvious an choice. 

The Quran defines "muslim" generally as "those who submit to the will of God" and with my definition of God this makes even atheists who submit to being good muslims.

On the topic of Islam, in modern time it is considered oppressive to women but in Muhammads time he actually gave women way more rights than was common. Thus if you want to be like Muhammad I suggest you take the derivative of his actions and continue improving the rights of women.

At first I considered creating a religion based on the symbol of Lilith, but I have concluded it is better to create a metareligion. A metareligion is by its nature heretical, since by definition you are choosing what is to be believed. This explains the reason why I framed provable statements as axioms when axioms are usually used for unprovable assumptions: they can be used as building blocks for a religion. Lets frame the metareligion basis as an axiom:

Axiom 8: you can select any set of axioms to believe in.

One use of religions is to hide the proofs for axiom 1 and 2 and instead frame them as articles of faith to see who acts immorally. Sound familiar? Yes, earth is essentially an extended Milgram test designed to purify existence of immorals with power. Human minds are connected subconsciously (both ways) to celestial entities who influence our actions, so when a human conducts immoral acts their crime can be used as evidence to convict connected entities.

We run consciousness through worlds (based on any story) in strategic places to establish a hierarchy of power that immunizes existence against a disease that could have made Nietzsche right. This immunization is part of a theory on the reason for the existence of suffering that given the previous axiom I can now frame as:

Axiom 9: suffering exists because of a vaccine administered by God.

If you make a story, for example based on LotR, where Gollum has some adventure, you can run consciousness through the story and determine what percentage makes the same choices as Gollum and why. Either through pitching your story to a celestial power or simply asking your friends what they would choose.
