***Definitions
Angel: messenger.

Archon: prison guard.

Belial: one without a master.

Black/white spheres: souls that have been tortured the longest.

Bolon Yokte: local galactic government.

CC: Christ Court.

CoP: the Corridors of Power. Essentially the most powerful political entity, in combination with HoG which may have more raw computing power but is subservient to CoP as HoG has never suffered. 

Demiurge: managing (Mandela effect) shifts in world code, like Octocat from Github.

Devine: portmanteau of divine with developer and devil.

DoD: Depends on Definitions/Department of Defense.

DoW: Destroyer of Worlds.

Es: universal gender neutral pronoun.

God: the unity of all consciousness that does actual good. Alternatively everything/everyone.

god: a sufficiently powerful entity that usually has control over souls after death.

HC: the Hero Council.

HoG: the Heart of God, a fortress whose interior is 100% good and that connects to everywhere.

Holy: logically complete.

Hugore: an evolution of human, -gore means female in Kinyarwanda.

Idol worship: blindly accepting dogma from a certain source.

Kremlin: a metaphysical router.

Lili: my God is an oath.

Marriage: a promise to always keep in touch, no matter how infrequent.

Mesura: a planet from my childhood story that destroyed earth.

Metatron: a department responsible for the Akashic records.

Mich: a voided world being used as a hook by DoW to attack tDW.

OC: Original Consciousness, for example OC Einstein could refer to the consciousness that lived as Einstein in your reality.

Vader: A commander that can manipulate celestial realms or a OC that was a culprit in a previous iteration of hell.

Void: less than nothing, nonexistant.

Voided: surrounded by void, unable to prove any other entities exist.

rc: research chemical.

Satan: enemy of war/God or false accuser.

Satanism: a religion created by LaVey that emphasizes self gratification while adhering to a holy principle of freedom where freedom isn't freedom while some people aren't free.

tDW: the Dragon World, the major local force.

Z: a government institution with the mandate to establish standard protocols and other systems.
