***Introduction

What is the purpose of this book? The main purpose is building rapport with you, the reader. Essentially I eventually want you to be able to imagine me in your mind as someone you trust and want to befriend. I practice absolute unconditional love, by this I mean my love does not have a condition of specific recipients, I treat all consciousness lovingly. Now obviously there is a discrepancy between the love one can feel for a stranger compared to family, so to get around this I simply define love as wanting what's best for someone. Essentially I try to help everyone and be everyone's friend.

Secondly I feel compelled to share my experiences as they have helped me tremendously and as such I believe they can also benefit a wider audience, especially in this world dominated by egoistic materialism. If you are someone who categorically denies anything that does not align with the mainstream dogma then I could possibly still help improve your wellbeing with 
!link:../happiness/index.html the summary of an edX course on happiness published on this site.

If you are less dogmatic and instead assign a probability to any theory then you are like me. It is my philosophy to both consider and question everything. Even if something is unlikely it is still useful to develop a framework for dealing with it, just in case it is true. For example what if you do have an immortal soul? You can't be certain you don't so it is wise to reason about what might happen so you don't face eternity unprepared. If you haven't thought about this much I believe this book can be a great help, and even if you are a spiritual master I believe I can offer some novel perspectives.

No matter who you are I would love to hear from you, my email is on the LearnLite home page, but please frame your message as a friendly conversation rather than a debate where your goal is to prove me wrong. Debates do not create rapport and if you don't want to develop a friendship with me I'd probably rather not hear from you.

Thirdly this book acts as a diary where I log my experiences. I have many partial memories and often can't remember the exact sequence of events, by documenting them I hope to infuse my philosophies with a structure conducive to methodical expansion, and if you would like to join me on that journey I'd be delighted.

What are my merits? Why should you take me seriously? Well, during swedish military drafting my intelligence was tested and I was given the maximal score. I agree with Hawking that bragging about your IQ is bad, in this case I am simply making a neutral statement like giving the specs of a computer, my brain verifiably "has a lot of RAM" and so should be good at processing experiences with logic and reason to arrive at plausible conclusions. Furthermore my mother is a professor in religious philosophy and my grandfather was a professor in mathematics so I've grown up in an environment fostering scientific curiosity. I've also been exploring spirituality since a young age, intuitively discovering meditation techniques. I started studying mathematics at university in high school and also won a prize for my mathematical abilities. I have studied a wide range of subjects, currently developing a Fusion Reactor Simulator, and would rather be a jack of all trades than a narrow specialist.

I believe that a book that wants to make a point should repeat that point. It is easy to be distracted and zone out while reading, so important sections can be missed. If you feel I am repeating myself that is intentional and instead of scoffing "I have already read this" you can take the time to further explore the implications of the point in your mind.

I make no guarantees that any information in this book is correct, apply your own intelligence to evaluate the conclusions drawn.
